Add note about `Shared network folder` support removal (#399)
jellyfin/jellyfin-mpv-shim: README.md

- `local_kbps` - Bandwidth to permit for local streaming. Default: `2147483`
- `direct_paths` - Play media files directly from the SMB or NFS source. Default: `false`
    - `remote_direct_paths` - Apply this even when the server is detected as remote. Default: `false`

>     - Note that `Shared network folder` support was removed in Jellyfin 10.9.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Note that `Shared network folder` support was deprecated in Jellyfin 10.9, and no longer exposed in the Jellyfin UI.
```
